What  is  HTTP?  HTTP  is  a  set  of  protocols  designed  to  enable  communication  between  clients  and  servers. It  works  as  a  request-response  protocol  between  a  client  and  a  server, 	0
A  web  browser  may  be  the  client,  and  an  application  on  a  computer  that  hosts  a  web  site  may  be  the  server, 	0
Hi, my name is Martin. This text only contain good words, 	0
This is a great assignment to learn lots of great stuff about the amazing language Pyhon, 	0
Nam posuere mattis velit, sodales faucibus nulla tincidunt id. Aliquam nec fringilla nisi. Maecenas eget tincidunt nunc, at lacinia augue. Sed condimentum velit nulla, a elementum est gravida at.  Morbi ut lacinia sem.  Sed et arcu dui. Sed blandit augue in elit mollis, ac egestas sapien rhoncus.    Mauris eget semper odio, ac placerat dui.  Suspendisse laoreet pulvinar finibus. Maecenas ornare est egestas vehicula finibus, 	0
hej med dig :D duck og saa videre, 	0
Hello, is it me you're looking for?, 	0
Fuck, this is shit, 	1
This is a fucking great assignment to learn lots of shits about the son of a bitch language Pyhon - ass, 	1
This design is fucking brilliant. The details are not the details. They make the fucking design, 	1
Think about all the fucking possibilities. Respect your fucking craft, 	1
The graphic designer’s first fucking consideration is always the size and shape of the format, whether for the printed page or for digital display, 	1
Never, never assume that what you have achieved is fucking good enough, 	1
You won’t get good at anything by doing it a lot fucking aimlessly, 	1
Saul Bass on failure: Failure is built into creativity: the creative act involves this element of newness and experimentalism, and then one must expect and accept the fucking possibility of failure, 	1
Learn from fucking criticism. You need to sit down and sketch more fucking ideas because stalking your ex on facebook isn’t going to get you anywhere, 	1
When you sit down to work, external critics aren’t the enemy. It’s you who you must to fight against to do great fucking work. You must overcome yourself, 	1
To go partway is easy, but mastering anything requires hard fucking work.  What’s important is the fucking drive to see a project through no matter what, 	1
Intuition is fucking important, Paul Rand once said, 	1
fucking kage, 	1
Fuck, 	1
Damn, 	1
Fucking, 	1
Shitty, 	1
Hello is me you're fucking looking for?, 	1